# # NetworkSettings

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bridge** | **string** | Name of the network&#39;a bridge (for example, &#x60;docker0&#x60;). | [optional] 
**sandboxID** | **string** | SandboxID uniquely represents a container&#39;s network stack. | [optional] 
**hairpinMode** | **bool** | Indicates if hairpin NAT should be enabled on the virtual interface. | [optional] 
**linkLocalIPv6Address** | **string** | IPv6 unicast address using the link-local prefix. | [optional] 
**linkLocalIPv6PrefixLen** | **int** | Prefix length of the IPv6 unicast address. | [optional] 
**ports** | [**map[string,\Piurafunk\Docker\Model\PortBinding[]]**](array.md) | PortMap describes the mapping of container ports to host ports, using the container&#39;s port-number and protocol as key in the format &#x60;&lt;port&gt;/&lt;protocol&gt;&#x60;, for example, &#x60;80/udp&#x60;.  If a container&#39;s port is mapped for multiple protocols, separate entries are added to the mapping table. | [optional] 
**sandboxKey** | **string** | SandboxKey identifies the sandbox | [optional] 
**secondaryIPAddresses** | [**\Piurafunk\Docker\Model\Address[]**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**secondaryIPv6Addresses** | [**\Piurafunk\Docker\Model\Address[]**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**endpointID** | **string** | EndpointID uniquely represents a service endpoint in a Sandbox.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**gateway** | **string** | Gateway address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**globalIPv6Address** | **string** | Global IPv6 address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**globalIPv6PrefixLen** | **int** | Mask length of the global IPv6 address.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**iPAddress** | **string** | IPv4 address for the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**iPPrefixLen** | **int** | Mask length of the IPv4 address.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**iPv6Gateway** | **string** | IPv6 gateway address for this network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**macAddress** | **string** | MAC address for the container on the default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &gt; **Deprecated**: This field is only propagated when attached to the &gt; default \&quot;bridge\&quot; network. Use the information from the \&quot;bridge\&quot; &gt; network inside the &#x60;Networks&#x60; map instead, which contains the same &gt; information. This field was deprecated in Docker 1.9 and is scheduled &gt; to be removed in Docker 17.12.0 | [optional] 
**networks** | [**map[string,\Piurafunk\Docker\Model\EndpointSettings]**](EndpointSettings.md) | Information about all networks that the container is connected to. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


